Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will build and create a server to serve our application on the production,
we can serve our application on the localhost with and serve, but this is not effective on the production.
In that case, there are a couple of problems.
First problem is that here we have a quite large number of files.
For example, we have a node module folder and this folder includes more than a thousand files and and
the total size of this folder is more than 200 megabytes.
Secondly, we have large bundles.
When the Iran and server comment on the terminal, we can see the bundle sizes and they look so big,
especially Vandervoort James.
So in the production, we should get rid of such kind of problems.
Actually, ANGULAR provides it for us when we build the application.
Angular uses that peek under the hood and creates compact bundles.
But here there are a lot of unknown things.
Let's get deep into them.
First of all, we have lots of JavaScript, HTML and CeaseFire's in our application here.
Angular modes.
All the scripts into a single script file magnifies the files and removes the components and removes
the commands and removes the spaces, etc..
So these are typical bundling and magnification techniques.
When I say bundle, each bundle is a combination of multiple Josephites.
Without these bundles, if we want to serve our application, the client should send the launch requests
for each file.
And this is very inefficient.
With bundles, the client can get a large portion of application code using one HTTP request.
So if we summarize it, Angular complies, merge and clears the courts and creates bundles from them.
Of course, to do it, Anjelah uses Bebek under the hood.
So we're back pex these sources at the end of it, we have efficient sources and this will have a significant
improvement in the performance of our application.
We can apply all these techniques and performance improvements using a single comment with Angular Saili.
So when we build our application using angular Saili in a production mode, angular Haylie will produce
highly optimized bundles and then we can simply deploy these files to a non development mission.
Only we need not Jass now we can build it easily from our application to build it.
We can directly call it from the console like Engy Beeld plus configuration production or we can create
a script for it under the package JSON, then we can run it with the NPM comment here.
We will call this comment later on the cloud.
So we need a script so we can write a script for it.
Let's open the package JSON and I'll create a new script.
As Beeld Dash brought here.
We can call Engy comment or we can call it from the node modules because Engy Command is a local command.
So when we deploy it to the cloud, maybe the cloud mission might not have any comment by default.
So the best way is to call it from under the node modules.
We can do it with the NPM being prefix, then build configuration production.
OK, our script is ready now, we can call it like AMPM Run built this plot and it will take care of
it.
It can take a couple of seconds when it is completed, we will have at least folder under the application.
When it is completed, we will have a least folder under the application when we check it, we can see
some bundles and indexed that HTML and specify and that's all actually they need only D.
D folder to serve our application.
But now we have another problem.
How can we serve these this folder if we check the index at HDMI?
So when we try to open it on the browser index, that e-mail doesn't work.
So to serve it, we need the server.
Why doesn't it work like a typical HTML page?
Because this is not a typical HDMI form.
This is a node project.
And to serve another project, we need a server.
This server will be server that these folders and handle bundle scripts under the application.
We can handle it with several servers like Server that JSC, express that G.S., etc..
Most common one is expressed that just so we can use it here once we are going to use is the server,
which is a lightweight server to help us serve our application.
Let's install it.
We can install it like NPM, install, xpress.
Now we need a script in jazz format to tell us what to do, let's create a file in our projects root
directory are created like server that yes, it will be in JavaScript format.
In server, that is, yes, we will basically say in the server that they just file what we are doing
is using the express server.
First of all, I'd import the express clause.
Then I'll create an instance from the express clause and I'll call it as at.
Then I create a variable for the root directory for my application.
It will be the first application me.
Then this app will serve all static files under this folder.
So we have JavaScript bundles and CSI style files under that this folder, these all files will be served
like that.
Then wait for a request to any pet and redirect all of the requests to the index that estimate the Angler
Rorter will handle which component should be shown to the user according to the pet they requested.
Finally, some four richest at the port specified by system variables or the default port, which is
80 81.
OK, now we can test it, like I said before, this is not a jazz application anymore.
Now we can test it.
Like I said before, this is not jazz application, so we can run it within not let's go ahead and create
a script for it in the package that Jason actually we have a script for it.
We will just updated our script name is START, it looks like and serve in default, but we will change
it like not so were that jazz.
Did not, sir, were that George's comment with Ron?
What is inside the server that just fine and we can check if there are any problems with our file before
we deployed on the.
For now, we don't specify the port number on system so we can reach it from the default port, so it
is 80, 81 when we check it, the application looks like it is working.
OK, now that we are sure the file is working correctly.
OK, now we are ready for deployment, that's all.
Thank you.